README.md, before:

YES/NO question answering
=========================

Run:

	python web_interface.py

then open http://0.0.0.0:5500/

Setup
-----

	python -m nltk.downloader maxent_treebank_pos_tagger

Testing
-------
With mTurk output files present in tests/batches, running

	python batch_test.py

will create output.tsv in tests folder  
!!! Guardian API permits only 5000 searches per day !!!

Algorithm
---------

We extract keywords (mostly names and other nouns) from given question, then ask The Guardian and NY Times for articles containing all keywords.  
We expand the keywords by adding non-stop-words verbs. Then we check if we covered all non-stop-words; if we didn't the answer is "Didn't understand the question". Otherwise we continue evaluating.  
We then divide the first found article into sentences and look for a sentence with all the keywords in it. If we can't find one, our answer is 'Not sure'. If we do, we evaluate sentiment(sum of emotionaly colored words) of the question, sentence and headline. Sentiments are then input to a logistic regression classifier.

ElasticSearch
-------------

After installing elasticsearch  

	pip install elasticsearch

start it up (default, runs on localhost:9200)  

	sudo /etc/init.d/elasticsearch start

to fill it up run (from argus)

	python fill_elastic.py \[path to folder with guardian jsons\]

to use it in action comment/uncomment get_content_guardian(a)/get_content_elastic(a) in main_frame.py

note: to clear the database run  

	curl -XDELETE localhost:9200/test-index

Commit message:

Switch to Elastic for Guardian articles, use pasky.or.cz elasticsearch as fallback

README.md, after:

YES/NO question answering
=========================

Run:

	python web_interface.py

then open http://0.0.0.0:5500/

Setup
-----

	python -m nltk.downloader maxent_treebank_pos_tagger

Testing
-------
With mTurk output files present in tests/batches, running

	python batch_test.py

will create output.tsv in tests folder  
!!! Guardian API permits only 5000 searches per day !!!

Algorithm
---------

We extract keywords (mostly names and other nouns) from given question, then ask The Guardian and NY Times for articles containing all keywords.  
We expand the keywords by adding non-stop-words verbs. Then we check if we covered all non-stop-words; if we didn't the answer is "Didn't understand the question". Otherwise we continue evaluating.  
We then divide the first found article into sentences and look for a sentence with all the keywords in it. If we can't find one, our answer is 'Not sure'. If we do, we evaluate sentiment(sum of emotionaly colored words) of the question, sentence and headline. Sentiments are then input to a logistic regression classifier.

ElasticSearch
-------------

Install ElasticSearch .deb from the website https://www.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch
and Python bindings using:

	pip install elasticsearch

Start it up (default, runs on localhost:9200)

	sudo /etc/init.d/elasticsearch start

to fill it up run (from argus)

	python fill_elastic.py \[path to folder with guardian jsons\]

to use it in action comment/uncomment get_content_guardian(a)/get_content_elastic(a) in main_frame.py

note: to clear the database run  

	curl -XDELETE localhost:9200/test-index
